No longer enable `--mtime` by default (#12781)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: README.md

* yt-dlp uses modern http client backends such as `requests`. Use `--compat-options prefer-legacy-http-handler` to prefer the legacy http handler (`urllib`) to be used for standard http requests.
* The sub-modules `swfinterp`, `casefold` are removed.
* Passing `--simulate` (or calling `extract_info` with `download=False`) no longer alters the default format selection. See [#9843](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/issues/9843) for details.

> * yt-dlp no longer sets `mtime` for files by default. Use `--mtime` or `--compat-options mtime-by-default` to revert this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* yt-dlp no longer applies the server modified time to downloaded files by default. Use `--mtime` or `--compat-options mtime-by-default` to revert this.
```
